Translating the technical test to english (#12)
MeilleursAgents/backend-technical-test: README.md

# Backend technical test: Price map in Paris

> The objective is to build a price map of the average selling prices (€/m²) per arrondissment in Paris, with statistics, from an API of listings from MeilleursAgents.

Author: I would go for MeilleursAgents and go for a global MA-to-AVIV change later on

Here is an example of what we want to achieve:

![image 2](pricemap/img/image2.png)
![image 1](pricemap/img/image1.png)

A first version of the project is already completed. To use it, the following tools are required:
- `docker`
- `docker-compose`
- `make`

For the rest, you can use the tools you prefer.

The following features are already set up:
- a web application for visualization (`pricemap`)
- a database (`PostgreSQL`)
- a real estate properties API of listings for Paris (`listingapi`)
- a first implementation for the part 1 ("Collecting data") and the part 2 ("Displaying prices")

**The entirety of your code must run in the `pricemap` container.**

A documentation detailing how the project is designed can be found [here](./usages.md) to understand how to start the project, interact and enter into containers if needed, ...

## 1 - Collecting data

We want to collect the entirety of real estate properties in Paris. These properties will be retrieved from the real estate properties API (`listingapi`), that you will need to browse entirely.

> **You must not change the `listingapi`, it only serves at exposing data.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**You must not change the `listingapi`, it is only used to expose data.**
```

You can access this API, after starting the project :
- from your local environment, at: http://localhost:8181/listings/32682
- from the container of your `pricemap` application at: http://listingapi:5000/listings/32682

> To get started, a first implementation already exists in the `app.py` file. This code adds a `/update_data` endpoint to the `pricemap` app, which starts data retrieval.

Reviewer: To linked to the translation, but:
```suggestion
To get started, a first implementation already exists in the `app.py` file. This code adds a `/update_data` endpoint to the `pricemap` app, which starts the data retrieval process. If you feels it is necessary to change the way the data retrevial process is started, don't hesitate to change it.
```

#### 1.2 - Pagination

The `listingapi` sends pages of 20 listings. You will have to browse all pages for all arrondissements, using the parameter `?page=<page_number>`.

Example: http://listingapi:5000/listings/32682?page=7

> The number of pages is different for each arrondissement: from zero to dozens of pages. You will have to imagine a mechanism that can be adapted to the number of pages to browse. There are multiple implementations possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The number of pages is different for each district: from zero to dozens of pages. You will have to imagine a mechanism that can be adapted to the number of pages to browse. There are multiple implementations possible.
```

### 1.3 Extracting listings properties

For each listing, we are interested in the following properties:
- `listing_id`: listing identifier for MeilleursAgents;

> - `place_id`: arrondissement identifier (as passed in the query parameters);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `place_id`: district identifier (as passed in the query parameters);
```

- password : `pricemap`
- database : `pricemap`

## 2 - Displaying prices

The map and the histogram presented in the introduction of this document are served by a web application written in Python, using Flask micro-frontend.

As for part 1, the web application is already working, but **can be improved**.

### 2.1 - Displaying prices for each arrondissement

When the page loads, the JavaScript code that generates the map calls the Python web application to get the list of geographical entities to display. The web application responds with GeoJSON formatted data that contains a list of arrondissements to display, their geometrical shape as well as an average price. The color of the shape depends on the price of the arrondissement that is represented, following the same color scale as the one currently used on MeilleursAgents website for Paris map.

> For each arrondissement, the average price per real square meter is computed, to be displayed on the website.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each district, the average price per square meter is computed, to be displayed on the website.
```
